DRAFT: doc: update commit message guideline in Contributing page #265 (#266)
AlaskaAirlines/AuroDocsSite: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

### Conventional Commits

This project follows [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) to auto-generate release versions based on [Angular Commit Guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/22b96b9/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-guidelines).

Commit messages follow the format:

```
<type>[optional scope]: <description>
```

All messages must include a type prefix for semver analysis. Below are types with their respective meanings.

#### MAJOR Release

To trigger a **MAJOR** version update, use the following structure:

> - **Prefix with `perf:`**

Reviewer: This prefix is not strictly required. The commit must preface with either `perf`, `fix` or `feat`

The default graphite width of 10mm is always used for performance reasons.
```

#### MINOR Release

Example:

```
feat(pencil): add 'graphiteWidth' option
```

#### PATCH Release

Example:

```
fix(pencil): stop graphite breaking when too much pressure applied
```

### Commit Types Table

| Type             | Description                                                                                                   | Version Level |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| `perf`           | Code change that improves performance                                                                         | MAJOR          |

> | **`BREAKING CHANGE`** | Non-backward compatible change (must be in the body, not in title)                                      | MAJOR         |

Reviewer: this isn't actually a commit type that you preface a commit with.

| `feat`           | Adds a new feature                                                                                            | MINOR         |
| `build`          | Changes affecting the build system or external dependencies (e.g., gulp, npm)                                 | PATCH          |
| `ci`             | Changes to CI files and scripts (e.g., Travis, CircleCI)                                                      | PATCH          |
| `docs`           | Documentation-only changes                                                                                    | PATCH          |
| `fix`            | Bug fixes                                                                                                     | PATCH         |

> | `refactor`       | Code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature                                                       | PATCH          |
> | `style`          | Code changes that don't affect logic (whitespace, formatting, etc.)                                           | PATCH          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `refactor`       | Code change(s) that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature                                                       | PATCH          |
| `style`          | Code change(s) that don't affect logic (whitespace, formatting, etc.)                                           | PATCH          |
```

> | `test`           | Adds or corrects tests                                                                                        | PATCH          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `test`           | Adds or corrects test(s)                                                                                        | PATCH          |
```

#### Git Commit Message Structure

> Once you have completed your feature update, please commit all changes to the branch. All commit messages should use an imperative mood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have completed your code change, commit all changes to a development branch. All commit messages should use an imperative mood.
```

Imperative mood simply means “spoken or written as if giving a command or instruction”. A few examples are:

> Clean your room
> Close the door
> Take out the trash

Reviewer 2: Removing the `-` turns this into a single string

```
Clean your room Close the door Take out the trash A properly formed Git commit subject line should always be able to complete the following sentence:
```

```suggestion
- Clean your room
- Close the door
- Take out the trash

```

> Take out the trash

Reviewer: These should start lower case
